you can talk to me now where you going
Oh Superboy I'm up on my hand up on my
hand oh you're a good boy you are a good
boy come on come at carpet
talk to me what are you cooking
oh you're a good boy come on okay give
us a kiss your good boy your good boy
hello cookie come what are you cooking
oh oh well they pay good can you dance
can you dance cookie dance cookie dance
tough kids oh you're a good boy that's
very smart little boy moving and bacon
where's Anthony man what are you cooking
cookie
please welcome to you okay big good
cookie where's Anthony where's Anthony
Anthony it's Gretchen I hid
he's a good boy he's a good oh you are
you're such a good boy Oh can you dance
for me dance cook it in hook it in dance
cookie dance dance cook it and cook it
in No uh-huh come on here we go
what are you doing where we going come
on come on quickly
what's that listen kiss kiss come on
come kiss kiss Oh
what are you doing
whatever hey what are you doing cookie
talk to me cookie be good
hey good good